mr president before donald trump there
weren't
a lot of funny clips involving the
president of the united states
but what their what of what there were
you were in a lot of them
and and this is um
something that i wanted to ask you about
let's roll that clip
now i have to say i was very proud of
you for dodging those shoes when it
happened because it's like
i had you were very you have very good
reflexes
my guess is that laura had done that
before
exactly well that's funny
that might be make a nice painting by
the way depicting that scene
you you dodging the shoe flying over you
something to think about for the next
one
size 12. there are many
quotes that are attributed to you you've
been known to make the
occasional verbal gaffe maybe even more
than occasional
and then now they've come up do you know
they have a thing called bush-isms
yeah yes yeah all right now some of them
are well known like uh when you asked uh
you know is our children learning or
this one
here and you're working hard to put food
on your family right
but there are more and i was wondering
if you even remember some of these
things so
we're going to play a game called
bush-ism or not
all right to test your recollection
[Music]
did you say i know that human being and
fish can coexist peacefully
yes that is i know the human being
and fish can coexist peacefully
absolutely correct
and you were right on that
[Applause]
except for sharks yeah all right next i
think i've made good judgments in the
past
and i think i've made some good
judgments in the future
yogi berra said that noah let's see who
said that
i believe that i've made good judgments
in the past
and i think i've made good judgments in
the future that was former vice
president dan quayle all right you're
two for two so far
you teach a child to read and he or her
will be able to pass a literacy test
me is that him
teach a child to read and he or her will
be able to pass
a literacy test
[Applause]
three for three you're doing well here's
another one
thank you your holiness awesome speech
[Applause]
surely that wasn't me it couldn't have
had to be somebody else
god yes america
thank you
he appreciated it yeah sure i mean a
compliment's a compliment it doesn't
matter what adjectives you use all right
fluency in english is something that i'm
not often i'm often not accused of
that's got to be me it's got to be you
let's see
fluency in english is something that um
i'm often not accused of alex you're
almost right that was your dad thank you
thank you
here's one i guess i'm going to fade
into bolivian
can't beat me i can't be you let's see
have you ever met mike tyson no i
haven't you have not oh that would be
quite a meeting you should paint him
have you oh you many times yes yes yeah
yeah the three of us should get dinner
together sometime
okay next quote is it'll take time to
restore
chaos surely that's not
me it'll take time to restore
chaos
you're being misquoted by yourself i
have one more
for you okay too many ob gyns aren't
able to practice their love with women
all across this country
[Applause]
that's me too many ob gyns aren't able
to practice their
their love with women all across this
country
well thank you for playing and i let's
close with a quote from one of the great
gaffers of them all
yogi berra who said i never said most of
the things i said that one i'm sure you
could borrow that one yeah i'm sure yogi
wouldn't mind at all
well thank you so much for being uh with
us i appreciate you taking time
i'm glad you're vaccinated people should
get vaccinated right
yeah absolutely they're you know and if
they got any qualms about it talk to
their doctor
you know we got to get vaccinated get
this country back going and uh
i'm happy i am i said for those who
haven't been vaccinated it's a
liberating feeling
to get vaccinated i agree with you it
really is
this is the book it's called out of many
one
portraits of america's immigrants it is
available now president george
w bush thank you mr president we'll be
back with maroon 5.
hi i'm jimmy kimmel click below to
subscribe to our youtube channel or if
you want to be that way about it don't